# IT Security

# :warning: Disclaimer

Using this tool comes with a caveat:
<details>
  <summary>Conversation from Zulip (official channel)</summary>
  <sup><sub>Names omitted for privacy</sub></sup>

  ## gXLg
  > Hello, I have developed a tool for downloading the Homework Task and extracting the URL to create a dummy exploit.py file with some predefined commands. I have uploaded this tool to GitHub (gXLg/tum-scripts/itsec) so it is publicly available. However some users have concerns that they will have plagiarism accusations if they use the tool, because the first lines of the exploit.py file are always the same. It also leaves a comment, which says "This paragraph was auto-generated by gXLg/tum-scripts/itsec", which, again, is publicly available, so I think there should be no issues... But just in case, I want to make sure, that my users will not get into any trouble by using this script. Or else I will have to put a warning in my repository and change the generator.

  ## Tutor
  > I've looked at your template and I don't think that using it will cause problems, but only [Chair 1] can give a definitive answer there. Also, the template will need to be adjusted for the following weeks, but I won't spoil :)

  ## Chair 1
  > I have taken a look at it. So in generaly, the rules say that you are not allowed to share **any** code. This also includes simple templates like you have created in your nice download tool. However, for the first week it is presumably not harmful I guess and there will be **no plagiarism accusations** because of it.
  > # Why?
  > During our plagiarism checks at the end of semester, this will almost for sure trigger a false alert for all users using it. If we provide templates via the scoreboard, such snippets are automatically whitelisted and false warnings are avoided. It is also more of a problem as the exploits are so small in size (a plagiarism case would be barely noticible during the first week). In the upcoming weeks, the downloads from the scoreboard will include a `pwn_students.py` which will be an appropiate template for the task (like the one your download script has created).
  > Long story short: It triggers false warnings and will, therefore, just make my and [Chair 2]'s life harder.
  > # Can I now not use the tool? What happens if I have already used it to create my homework submission?
  > I cannot force you to "forget" about code that you have seen. It is surprising how huge the effect it is, but it is there... We see this regularly at plagiarism checks. If at least anonther team has used the tool, we have now to live with it. As [Tutor] already noticed, the template does not solve the core problem of the tasks in any manner. Therefore, no real damage has been done. But again, **please do not share *any* further code in the future**. You do **not** need to take the tool offline (we will just include the template to the whitelist -- no worries), but **do *not* improve it/change the template for future tasks**. As noted above, future tasks will also include dedicated templates and for the first tasks -- while this is a security and not a programming class -- copying a few lines from the Vorkurs/exercise sheet/random tutorial at the internet is probably not too much to ask for ;)

</details>


TL;DR:

Usually using this template would give false
plagiarism alerts and make the correctors' lifes
harder. This particular template has been whitelisted
and can be used, although it is encouraged against it.

It's also not yet clear, whether the template has been
whitelisted only for thebfirst week solutions or
also for the coming exercises. It is recommended to
use the new `downloadw` scripts and putnyour code inside the
given `pwn_students.py` template, which will be included
in upcoming tasks.

# Login
Obtain/refresh your login cookie by executing `login.py`.

Put your shib credentials in a file called `shib.txt`
in following format:
```
<username/email> <new line>
<password>
```
Login cookies will be saved in a file called `cookie`

# Download Without Template
Download the task using `downloadw <number>`.

This will download and unzip the task
into the folder `task_<padded number>`.
The parsed URL will be put into the file `URL.txt`
inside the task folder.

# Download With Template
Please read the Disclaimer!

Download the task using `download <number>`
and generate a template.

This will download and unzip the task
into the folder `task_<padded number>`
and create a template file called `exploit.py`
with some imports, the flag `URL` and the
`flag` function, which accepts a string,
searches for a flag using regex and prints it out.

# Submit
Submit a flag using `submit <flag>`.

# Upload
Upload your code using `upload <number>`
